V Cube Software: Okay, let's go to Virginia.
V Cube Software: sonar cube, and then Monica, depending on the right. We'll go to the cloud part.
V Cube Software: Quit shop.
V Cube Software: Start, instance.
V Cube Software: Yes, please. Sure.
V Cube Software: none of this
V Cube Software: might be of this
V Cube Software: on mute
V Cube Software: 8 0. Hey? Fetal?
V Cube Software: Okay. click on patch up.
V Cube Software: That's fun figured.
V Cube Software: I'm done
V Cube Software: so
V Cube Software: been well on Bill.
V Cube Software: So you know what is.
V Cube Software: Oh, no.
V Cube Software: it's an upland, save it.
V Cube Software: Let's see. we'll know
V Cube Software: only Mavin. Test Machu. Jcb, that is nothing but
V Cube Software: 1 s
V Cube Software: connect the same web server.
V Cube Software: It is passed until test. But we need to do the portable analysis to do the report report analysis. We have to launch
V Cube Software: Docker.
V Cube Software: Ps. Sorry. Pseudo hyphenates.
V Cube Software: Do you see? Care? Talker pious.
V Cube Software: There is no sonar. Okay, then, to install sonar here. What we need to do
V Cube Software: please come down.
V Cube Software: There is a comment for
V Cube Software: Dr. Run.
V Cube Software: Hi, Tom. doctor Ps hyphen, gale. So.
V Cube Software: Docker, start.
V Cube Software: sonar. I'm here.
V Cube Software: So copy this part.
V Cube Software: Copy
V Cube Software: this Japan's Japanese.
V Cube Software: Hello, Hello, Japan! 9,000
V Cube Software: homework.
V Cube Software: Do one thing.
V Cube Software: Talker. Item. hyphen.
V Cube Software: Dr. Adam
V Cube Software: Solar.
V Cube Software: So not hyphen. Yes.
V Cube Software: So then pass for Nagutter and put that. So
V Cube Software: I need to create one more time.
V Cube Software: Okay, thank you.
V Cube Software: We're going to complete this
V Cube Software: will not keep it offline 1 s.
V Cube Software: What are the side of this
V Cube Software: give me 2 min.
V Cube Software: 3, 2 x large. 6, 7 would be
V Cube Software: docker, PS. Ebony
V Cube Software: Docker. Start
V Cube Software: fauna.
V Cube Software: Dr. Adam. so not hyphenate.
V Cube Software: Dr. Ran Hypernahan. Name
V Cube Software: my C. One hyphen, d. Hyphon. P.
V Cube Software: Mind-blowing
V Cube Software: 9,000
V Cube Software: still, not cube dot latest. Colon Eliot is the latest.
V Cube Software: No space left on device. Okay, in this case, if you would find such type of things. just go back.
V Cube Software: So pet shop.
V Cube Software: Which is 4 year 4, 3,
V Cube Software: 4, a 4, 3D. Okay, come down to volumes. Come down to volumes.
V Cube Software: So let's go back
V Cube Software: 4, 8, 4, 3.
V Cube Software: So we need to increase the volume size. So how to increase the volume. Size here.
V Cube Software: So where is here? This one so second, one.
V Cube Software: so second, choose the second one. click on id.
V Cube Software: and then click on actions for modify.
V Cube Software: Here it is.
V Cube Software: Think it has 60. Just come down and then modify, here
V Cube Software: modified.
V Cube Software: it is modified. So once go here. If you find such type of space left over and on a blue.
V Cube Software: Go to dashboard
V Cube Software: clip, for instance.
V Cube Software: But sure.
V Cube Software: do you hyphen Edge? It is not going to be reflect until, unless you do the reboot for coming. In instance. report this
V Cube Software: to the reboot. Once you did the reboot.
V Cube Software: Will this slide
V Cube Software: connect
V Cube Software: connected
V Cube Software: fine 2 min.
V Cube Software: Let's do refresh.
V Cube Software: Come back again. Click on connect.
V Cube Software: Okay. Good.
V Cube Software: So say, DS. Iphone. H.
V Cube Software: What is the database?
V Cube Software: This space? 16 gb, it is reflected. Now.
V Cube Software: Docker, PS.
V Cube Software: Okay. Pseudo hyper. 9.
V Cube Software: Hi. For 9
V Cube Software: Dr. PS.
V Cube Software: So
V Cube Software: tip and jump button.
V Cube Software: so copy them.
V Cube Software: Come here and then enter it.
V Cube Software: paste it.
V Cube Software: So go ahead.
V Cube Software: So the public IP here the same public IP copy
V Cube Software: on mute. hey, student.
V Cube Software: 9,000
V Cube Software: technical, 3 dial.
V Cube Software: Meanwhile, go here. go to Dashboard.
V Cube Software: go to Dashboard, go to manage Jenkins.
V Cube Software: Leonard Jenkins.
V Cube Software: come to tools. Let us say we did. We have any
V Cube Software: else to change here? Job up.
V Cube Software: Okay? Sounding. Good. Yeah. Good
V Cube Software: sonat. Yes.
V Cube Software: Scanner. Okay. Very good. Dependency check. Yes. Dp, check here.
V Cube Software: So if we check it.
V Cube Software: okay, upline, save it. Now come to
V Cube Software: system in this system.
V Cube Software: In this system come back.
V Cube Software: So a remote spark.
V Cube Software: Remove this part.
V Cube Software: copy this
V Cube Software: pop, it is
V Cube Software: come here and then just paste it. Yes, paste it
V Cube Software: and then apply and save it.
V Cube Software: Sorry. Remove this one. It's my bed supplen. Save this.
V Cube Software: Okay. admin, admin.
V Cube Software: Admin
V Cube Software: admin login
V Cube Software: admin
V Cube Software: admin 1, 2, 3,
V Cube Software: then admin
V Cube Software: 1, 2, 3, update.
V Cube Software: never.
V Cube Software: So click on administrator
V Cube Software: executive users. token. And then Madu
V Cube Software: copy
V Cube Software: Mannet Jenkins.
V Cube Software: Credentials.
V Cube Software: So sonar token. Global credentials
V Cube Software: change password.
V Cube Software: Okay.
V Cube Software: never
V Cube Software: come down.
V Cube Software: What you need to do is
V Cube Software: done.
V Cube Software: Configuration web hook.
V Cube Software: create web hook.
V Cube Software: So Sonar Jenkins.
V Cube Software: Jenkins. yeah. URL, what is the yeah. URL, copy this
V Cube Software: 8 0 8 0
V Cube Software: poppy is 88, 0, sorry
V Cube Software: copy this 8 0 8 0 part
V Cube Software: copy. And just come here. and this come here. Necessary webbook.
V Cube Software: sonar cube.
V Cube Software: Ivan.
V Cube Software: check in slash.
V Cube Software: So click on, create. decrease the size. Then you are able to see the create here.
V Cube Software: Okay, now
V Cube Software: go to managing this system.
V Cube Software: Come down.
V Cube Software: So you're able to see the
V Cube Software: token called sonar token server.
V Cube Software: How can save it?
V Cube Software: So now come to print shop
V Cube Software: so, and then configure it.
V Cube Software: So once Mavent, test is done, you need to do the port quality analysis. Yes.
V Cube Software: and then vaulting. It is past or not. The! If everything is good, then on it is halting, it is going to pass.
V Cube Software: So open this.
V Cube Software: Come down.
V Cube Software: my Venturist
V Cube Software: sonar scanner equal to tool sonar scanner. Yes.
V Cube Software: So why, we have used sonar scanner. I'm going to show you why we have used sonar scanner.
V Cube Software: click on dashboard. Open new link. Come here.
V Cube Software: click on, manage Jenkins. and click on tool.
V Cube Software: Are you able to see? So now.
V Cube Software: scanner installation.
V Cube Software: So, sonar Scanlan, what is the name of the sonar scanner. I have given sonar
V Cube Software: scanner. That is the reason why we are going to sonar home to equal to sonar scanner.
V Cube Software: And then next, but
V Cube Software: stages sonar steps
V Cube Software: with the sonar. Q
V Cube Software: environment, sonar server. So in in a system, what we put sonar server, and what is the token?
V Cube Software: The credential token we've generated on credential token. We have name it as a
V Cube Software: come down. You name it as a
V Cube Software: so, not token. So this is the reason why we are going to do this. Yes.
V Cube Software: come up.
V Cube Software: So first thing, copy this enrollment
V Cube Software: and under tools section, add this environment. So copy this.
V Cube Software: So where is tools
V Cube Software: under tool section.
V Cube Software: upland, save
V Cube Software: click on pets up configure. Now come down
V Cube Software: under enrollments. A to add the tool section.
V Cube Software: So environment already, we have added, okay, then that's fine, fine, fine fine.
V Cube Software: Then if they come down. So we are going to add this solar queue.  so worldwide, stage analysis. server. And then
V Cube Software: the sonar dot Project name is pet shop. and we have using the Java. So Java dot binary and just come down
V Cube Software: and then
V Cube Software: project keys pet shop.
V Cube Software: So let's little bit go up
V Cube Software: and leap.
V Cube Software: Copy
V Cube Software: token. Okay? Now let's count 1, 2, 3,
V Cube Software: 4, 5, 6, 7, 8,
V Cube Software: 9, 10,
V Cube Software: (111) 213-1415,
V Cube Software: 1617, 18, and 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 1011, 12, 1314, 1516,
V Cube Software: 17, and then 18. Yes.
V Cube Software: the brackets. Open gate, close gate. You can open gate
V Cube Software: the syntax right? It is starting in. Apply and save it.
V Cube Software: Hold on. Let me yeah. And then septill now.
V Cube Software: and the
V Cube Software: let's see.
V Cube Software: Ancel output
V Cube Software: analyzed. Yes.
V Cube Software: very nice and
V Cube Software: glad, you know, man. But President
V Cube Software: and
V Cube Software: I'm going
V Cube Software: so sonar cube is done. We can go and check if you want.
V Cube Software: just click on project.
V Cube Software: So how many books?
V Cube Software: 66 works? But this is doing the port, I mean, the final
V Cube Software: check.
V Cube Software: which is one big
V Cube Software: who read the fish
V Cube Software: console output.
V Cube Software: Only 2 steps are printing verbal and dependency checks.
V Cube Software: Yes.
V Cube Software: okay, cool quality.
V Cube Software: We are going to skip this part configure randomly.
V Cube Software: So that's Vimodi
V Cube Software: calling it the waiting over there. Then I aborted that.
V Cube Software: Just come down.
V Cube Software: Yes, until 3, 1, 2, 3. So from here you need to woebek.
V Cube Software: Okay, now, what you need to do is
V Cube Software: come here.
V Cube Software: Dependency check.
V Cube Software: So maybe they build Mav and clean install and upon the the stage Maven package and external
V Cube Software: page
V Cube Software: package
V Cube Software: the be hyphen, check.
V Cube Software: copy this.
V Cube Software: So you need to put
V Cube Software: under stage only need to put the stage stage and then
V Cube Software: paste it.
V Cube Software: See?
V Cube Software: Okay? So now, what I'm going to do is
V Cube Software: and we end
V Cube Software: package, Ebu artifact generators and the artifact ranges and nothing.
V Cube Software: It's going to do the dependence
V Cube Software: click on pipeline syntax. Come here.
V Cube Software: Are we able to see dependency? Ddd. Within Z. So dependency check
V Cube Software: under this dependency check. What we need to check is under argument. Come here.
V Cube Software: So hyphen, scan, format, excel.
V Cube Software: and better dissolved iphone, scam.
V Cube Software: format. hexml.
V Cube Software: copy.
V Cube Software: just paste it here.
V Cube Software: Generate pipeline impacts the same syntax or not.
V Cube Software: please.
V Cube Software: So you can save the next one.
V Cube Software: Publish dependency check results.
V Cube Software: So in this, what is the format you want to mention. You can mention here. So my format is
V Cube Software: dependency check report Xml, and then you can able to generate this.
V Cube Software: Come back.
V Cube Software: So need to
V Cube Software: copy this from here
V Cube Software: coping.
V Cube Software: I'm mute
V Cube Software: and then paste it.
V Cube Software: And okay, then let me remove this
V Cube Software: 52.
V Cube Software: So let's go up
V Cube Software: pipeline agent, any tools. So it is one close gate, 2 close open gate.
V Cube Software: and 3 it is gonna be 4. It is gonna be 5, 6,
V Cube Software: 7, 8,
V Cube Software: 9, 1011, 1213, 1415,
V Cube Software: 1617, 1819,
V Cube Software: so 19, so 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6,
V Cube Software: 7, 8, 9, 4, 6,
V Cube Software: 6, 9,
V Cube Software: 1011, 1213, 1415, 1617,
V Cube Software: 18, and then 19. Perfect up land save.
V Cube Software: And then let's click on. Build up.
V Cube Software: Now it is going to do the
V Cube Software: web Bill Wirefel and on dependency check as well
V Cube Software: cancel output.
V Cube Software: It takes long, a little bit time.
V Cube Software: but even the
V Cube Software: which fits Polar Cubeface
V Cube Software: so soon. If it is also done, it is going to build a
V Cube Software: full stage. So here
V Cube Software: where it is will stage.
V Cube Software: Once we're done with, the build says we'll go to the dependency checkstage.
V Cube Software: So Billy's success.
V Cube Software: it is to the dependency check.
V Cube Software: Okay, where can we get the dependency check
V Cube Software: report acceptable.
V Cube Software: So where leave workspace pet shop dependency check can be. So okay, copy this part.
V Cube Software: No, until here. This is fine. Let's go
V Cube Software: copy it. go here. And then CD,
V Cube Software: unless so you're able to see the
V Cube Software: daughter. Xml. Yes. So copy this
V Cube Software: 3. Aye.
V Cube Software: paste it.
V Cube Software: These are dependencies you can able to see in a graphical representation. Also, I'm going to show you that.
V Cube Software: Come here.
V Cube Software: You can't picture.
V Cube Software: Just do the refresh
V Cube Software: click on latest dependency check with us.
V Cube Software: Have you seen this before?
V Cube Software: Which is what the dependency check.
V Cube Software: Now you can add nexus to this, and then you can add tompkat letter. But you know how to add nexus. You know how to add Tompkins.
V Cube Software: but no need to teach 1 s the nexus and talk. But you already. Yes. so right. But we are going turning into the the what is? What's this
V Cube Software: set up for Markspace. mentor from provisioners? And then we are going to do the cloud partick. So, Cloud, we need a lot of things. Sqs, lambda Hardy especially.
V Cube Software:  what we completed so far is 3
V Cube Software: load balancer autoscaling
V Cube Software: efs, ebs. Okay?
V Cube Software: Lot of things we have. So let me check once
V Cube Software: easy to audience. Cloud storages.
V Cube Software: ELBS. NSS. Us lab, the cloud watch, Kms.
V Cube Software: 4, 53 ks.
V Cube Software: yes, auto scaling. If you see Efs. SQL,
V Cube Software: so we have few concept left over cloud cloud, ipog. And I'm going to start with what is top.
V Cube Software: So before
V Cube Software: going to mean holidays. We can going to view holidays from
V Cube Software: 20, I guess. Let's give me a second.
V Cube Software: That's the whole list.
V Cube Software: Huh? 80 now, 80 in Gago.
V Cube Software: the 21 and 3, 25 of these protocols.
V Cube Software: 21 to 25
for the academic
V Cube Software: Monday on Saturday. Hmm. course. 25%, you know 15 look already as the
V Cube Software: now move it to look coverages.
V Cube Software: So Napi EVT. 6 Pm. I post today. So 6 Pm. Hall is like a 6 Pm. Layer so full feature we have one and a 2.
V Cube Software: He's already done. Well.
V Cube Software: We put it that way on the way to take it about it.